Docs: known issue - audit file reload on SIGHUP (#23608)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/1_15-audit-file-sighup-does-not-trigger-reload.mdx

### File audit devices do not honor SIGHUP signal to reload

#### Affected versions

- 1.15.0

#### Issue

> Sending [`SIGHUP`](/vault/docs/audit/file#log-file-rotation) to Vault after rotating
> an audit log file doesn't reopen the file path as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new underlying event framework for Vault causes Vault to continue using 
audit logs instead of reopening the file paths even when you send 
[`SIGHUP`](/vault/docs/audit/file#log-file-rotation) after log rotation:
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make it clear who/what takes action, avoid contractions

If the file was moved (renamed), then Vault will continue to write data to the location
of the moved file.

If the file was deleted, then Vault will continue to write data to the deleted file.
The file will be deleted by the OS once Vault is sealed or restarted, but

> until then will continue to consume disk space due to audit entries being written.

Reviewer 2: This is probably obvious, but: independent of the fact that space won't be reclaimed, should we also highlight the fact that audit records will be lost here?

Author: Yes, really good call. Thanks @ncabatoff 😄 I'll add an important note to try and draw attention to this.

> If the file was moved (renamed), then Vault will continue to write data to the location
> of the moved file.
> 
> If the file was deleted, then Vault will continue to write data to the deleted file.
> The file will be deleted by the OS once Vault is sealed or restarted, but
> until then will continue to consume disk space due to audit entries being written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you move or rename your audit log file, Vault continues to log data to the
  moved file. For example, if you archive the log file
  `audit/log/path/vault-audit.log` by moving it to
  `audit/log/archive/path/vault-audit.log.bak`, Vault continues to write data to
  `audit/log/archive/path/vault-audit.log.bak` instead of starting a fresh log
  at `audit/log/path/vault-audit.log`.
- If you delete your audit log file, Vault continues to write data to the
  deleted file, which will continue to consume disk space as it grows. When
  Vault is sealed or restarted, the OS will perform junk collection on the
  deleted file and you will lose all data logged the audit file after it was
  tagged for deletion.
```

> The issue has been fixed for a patch release in Vault `1.15.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue with file audit devices not honoring SIGHUP signals is fixed as a patch release in Vault `1.15.1`.
```
Style correction: make implicit subjects explicit.

#### Workaround

> If audit log rotation is a requirement for your Vault deployment, you can use the

Reviewer 2: I think when using a file sink, it's probably safe to assume a need for rotation.  So maybe instead we could say something like: If your Vault cluster uses any File audit devices...

following environment variable set to `true` in order to disable the new underlying

> event framework Vault uses to process audit events.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If you use log rotation with `file` audit devices, set the
`VAULT_AUDIT_DISABLE_EVENTLOGGER` environment variable to `true` to disable the
new underlying event framework for
processing audit events:

```shell-session
$ export VAULT_AUDIT_DISABLE_EVENTLOGGER=true
```
````

> | Environment variable name         | Value  |
> |-----------------------------------|--------|
> | `VAULT_AUDIT_DISABLE_EVENTLOGGER` | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't really need a table if there's only one variable, we can just show them what they need to set :)

> Please note that is environment variable will be removed in a future release of Vault.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that this environment variable will be removed in a future release of Vault.
```

### File audit devices do not honor SIGHUP signal to reload

#### Affected versions

- 1.15.0

#### Issue

Sending [`SIGHUP`](/vault/docs/audit/file#log-file-rotation) to Vault after rotating
an audit log file doesn't reopen the file path as expected.

If the file was moved (renamed), then Vault will continue to write data to the location
of the moved file.

If the file was deleted, then Vault will continue to write data to the deleted file.
The file will be deleted by the OS once Vault is sealed or restarted, but
until then will continue to consume disk space due to audit entries being written.

<Warning title="Missing Audit Entries">
  If the file was deleted (rather than moved locally) then audit entries written
  by Vault will be lost.
</Warning>

The issue has been fixed for a patch release in Vault `1.15.1`.

#### Workaround

If your Vault cluster uses any `file` audit devices, you can use the following
environment variable set to `true` in order to disable the new underlying event
framework Vault uses to process audit events.

| Environment variable name         | Value  |
|-----------------------------------|--------|
| `VAULT_AUDIT_DISABLE_EVENTLOGGER` | `true` |

> Please note that this environment variable will be removed in a future release of Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Temporary workaround">
  The `VAULT_AUDIT_DISABLE_EVENTLOGGER` environment variable
  is a temporary solution and will be removed in a future release of Vault.
  <Note>
```

### File audit devices do not honor SIGHUP signal to reload

#### Affected versions

- 1.15.0

#### Issue

The new underlying event framework for Vault causes Vault to continue using 
audit logs instead of reopening the file paths even when you send 
[`SIGHUP`](/vault/docs/audit/file#log-file-rotation) after log rotation:

- If you move or rename your audit log file, Vault continues to log data to the
  moved file. For example, if you archive the log file
  `audit/log/path/vault-audit.log` by moving it to
  `audit/log/archive/path/vault-audit.log.bak`, Vault continues to write data to
  `audit/log/archive/path/vault-audit.log.bak` instead of starting a fresh log
  at `audit/log/path/vault-audit.log`.
- If you delete your audit log file, Vault continues to write data to the
  deleted file, which will continue to consume disk space as it grows. When
  Vault is sealed or restarted, the OS will perform junk collection on the
  deleted file and you will lose all data logged the audit file after it was
  tagged for deletion.

> <Warning title="Missing Audit Entries">

Reviewer: The issue of losing data is included in the issue description, I don't know that it adds anything to repeat that information in an aside as well. But I'll add a style suggestion in case you want to keep it.

> <Warning title="Missing Audit Entries">
>   If the file was deleted (rather than moved locally) then audit entries written
>   by Vault will be lost.
> </Warning>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning title="You may lose audit entries">
  If you delete the audit file on rotation, rather than moving it, you
  will lose any entries written by Vault after rotation when the OS
  permanently deletes the file.
</Warning>
```

The issue with file audit devices not honoring SIGHUP signals is fixed as a patch release in Vault `1.15.1`.

#### Workaround

If your Vault cluster uses any `file` audit devices, you can use the following
environment variable set to `true` in order to disable the new underlying event
framework Vault uses to process audit events.

<Note title="Temporary workaround">
  The `VAULT_AUDIT_DISABLE_EVENTLOGGER` environment variable
  is a temporary solution and will be removed in a future release of Vault.

>   <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
```

Correcting weird indent from my original suggestion

[`SIGHUP`](/vault/docs/audit/file#log-file-rotation) after log rotation:

- If you move or rename your audit log file, Vault continues to log data to the
  moved file. For example, if you archive the log file
  `audit/log/path/vault-audit.log` by moving it to
  `audit/log/archive/path/vault-audit.log.bak`, Vault continues to write data to
  `audit/log/archive/path/vault-audit.log.bak` instead of starting a fresh log
  at `audit/log/path/vault-audit.log`.
- If you delete your audit log file, Vault continues to write data to the
  deleted file, which will continue to consume disk space as it grows. When
  Vault is sealed or restarted, the OS will perform junk collection on the
  deleted file and you will lose all data logged the audit file after it was
  tagged for deletion.

<Warning title="You may lose audit entries">
  If you delete the audit file on rotation, rather than moving it, you
  will lose any entries written by Vault after rotation when the OS
  permanently deletes the file.
</Warning>

The issue with file audit devices not honoring SIGHUP signals is fixed as a patch release in Vault `1.15.1`.

#### Workaround

> If your Vault cluster uses any `file` audit devices, you can use the following

Reviewer 2: "If your Vault cluster uses any `file` audit devices" is really about whether you should be worried about the bug, so it probably doesn't belong in the Workaround section.
